Hello. Welcome to the foundations course of the C++ Nanodegree program.
I'm David Silver, and I lead the School of Autonomous Systems here at Udacity.
Hi. I'm Stephen Welch and I'm a Content Developer here at Udacity.
This is the first course of the C++ Nanodegree,
the foundations of C++.
In this course, you'll be starting out with basic C++ syntax,
variables and functions, and by the end of this course,
you'll be writing code in multi-file programs.
Throughout the course, you'll use a number of
the containers and algorithms provided by the C++ standard library.
These are core tools that every C++ developer uses.
I love the final project for this course.
You'll use something called the A-star search
algorithm to find a path between two points on a map.
As you're learning the basics of C++,
you will first use A-star to find a path through an ASCII grid with obstacles.
Once you've mastered the basics,
you'll find a path between two points on an actual map using OpenStreetMap data.
If you've ever used an Internet mapping application and wondered
how it builds a route from one point to another, this is how.
You'll be able to show this project to
your friends and family and anyone else who's interested.
This first Nanodegree course has four lessons in addition to this welcome lesson.
In the next lesson, you'll see an introduction to
the C++ language where you'll cover C++ syntax, variables,
functions and containers, and then you'll move on to
A-star search which is an algorithm that
you'll use to find the path between two points in your grid.
You'll be writing A-star search on the ASCII grid first,
and then you move onto a lesson which gives you some of the tools that you'll
need to write larger programs including header files,
pointers and references, build tools,
and a brief introduction to classes and object-oriented programming.
In the final lesson of this course,
you'll build an OpenStreetMap route planner.
If you have previous experience with C++,
where you feel as though you already have a good grasp on a topic,
feel free to skip ahead to the exercises.
At the same time, if you feel like the content is difficult to understand,
we encourage you to reach out to fellow classmates or mentors for help.
We can't wait for you to get started with this course.